---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: The artist
datePublished: '2016-01-14T16:01:57.628Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-14T16:01:47.768Z'
title: StueyB
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-14-stueyb.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: stueyb/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
StueyB is drawn to shapes and the way that lights
falls upon and around those shapes. There is peace to be found in their
consideration --- whether they are devised of angles or curves. His work
transforms what he saw at shutter release into what he felt at the time.

Simplifying reality into the abstract. Bodies become
landscapes; architectural features become spaces for the mind to explore. 

Stuey's fine-art photography practice is the battleground where his desire
for cleanliness and order meets his fascination with chaos and its lack of
structure.

This very tension between order and chaos is the
engine behind his motivations. It is this internal battle that has defined his
style. He says,

__

_"Metaphorically, it's a chess
move... I release the shutter, then in post-production I take two steps back
and one to the left, to simplify and subvert, and complete the image. If it's
too tight I'm not challenged, if it's too loose I'm not satisfied. When I get
it right, I'm balancing on the edge of a razor blade and I'm share the emotion
I had when I took the shot."_

****

**Corners**

****

Influenced by the cubists and
their depiction of faces of 3D objects presented in two dimensions, this series
looks at simple architectural features as the subject matter.Architects design solid
structures but also consider the spaces between the walls; after all, these
spaces are created for us to inhabit. 'Corners' is a working title for a series
in progress, looking at combining images to create spaces not meant for human
habitation, but as spaces for the mind to explore.

**Curves**

The human figure is a complex of
shapes that join smoothly, creating beautiful tones, especially where they
meet. Curves are seen to replicate their form and radii all over the body,
similar to the way that fractals replicate themselves.

Using very specific crops this
work abstracts the figure into strange and calming landscapes.